# Vestbjerg-Byggecenter-Workshop
The aim of this project is to study, analyze and develop a new IT-system using Java for a company called Vestbjerg Byggecenter A/S which is a family owned company with many years of experience and expertise. To do so, there are certain phases that have to be looked at including business, design and code implementation. A full report of the project can be found in the pdf attached to this repository where a more in-depth look into the phases that were mentioned previously, is presented. 

The purpose of this system is to make many different functions that could be used while handling the customer, the product, etc. The system has to take a wide variety of functions and it has to be able to hold a lot of information about many entities. It holds information about customer (name, address, phone number, ID, CVR/CPR), product (unit price, weight, size, description, inventory amount) and so on. The user can add, view and remove entities and the user also can find and update information.
The functionality of the system is based on the registration of the customers, products and contractors(company customers) and also sales statistics over the customers, products and co- workers. As an application domain we have support for handling orders and payments.
It is a user-friendly system that is accessible for all co-workers. The technology on which the system will run is four terminals that are used for registration, and five computers are particularly used for word processing. The main objects are customer, salesman, sale, lease, product. System’s overall responsibility is represented as an administrative tool for order handling and surveillance of the business process.


